The Joe Rogan experience.
Your position on Syria is one that I think people have misconstrued.
Why, why don't you tell me that's putting it nicely,
trying to put as nicely as possible.
They've actually said that you are an Assad supporter.
I know this is not correct,
but is that one of those things where people just say that in order to sort of d
iffuse you to categorize you as a ridiculous person right off the bat where no
one can take anything else you say seriously?
Yeah. It's the usual tactic of, uh,
trying to smear or vilify me and my campaign and,
and what I'm advocating for, uh,
because they don't want to engage on the actual issue itself that I'm pointing
out about how devastating and costly their policies are
of continuing to wage these wasteful regime change wars of
choosing to support terrorist groups like Al-Qaeda in Syria,
directly in Syria, because they are the most powerful force on the ground.
Who's fighting to take out the regime Assad's government.
So they're so focused on toppling this government in Syria,
that they're willing to actually use taxpayer dollars to provide direct and
indirect support to Al-Qaeda terrorists in Syria.
When you think about how crazy this is, uh, it, it, it,
it makes me angry. I think it makes most people angry.
It's why I introduced legislation called the stop arming terrorists act.
Why we would need to have such legislation is beyond me,
but it clearly we do to make it so that we don't have any taxpayer dollars going
directly to provide any kind of arms or support or anything to terrorist groups
like Al-Qaeda,
but also to make it so that we're not providing support indirectly through
countries like Saudi Arabia, who are providing that support, uh,
to terrorist groups.
So what,
what has been said of you about Assad and you are your position on the
side. That's just been an outright lie.
Uh, virtually everything. I mean, I'll just tell you what happened.
I went to Syria, uh, to, to meet with Syrian people,
to hear for myself from them about what was happening there. Uh,
while there I was offered the invitation to meet with the president of Syria,
and I took it because I think it's important for us to have the courage to meet
with leaders,
whether they be friends or adversaries or potential adversaries,
if our focus is on national security and on peace.
So I went and I had that meeting and I asked some tough questions and,
uh,
heard from him his perspective on what was happening and what he was doing in
his country and took the opportunity while there to meet with religious leaders,
college students, members of the political opposition, small business owners,
um, you know, women who were working to, to start their own business,
to empower other women. She assumed Muslims, Christians, Catholics,
people of all different religions. Uh,
it is because of that and that meeting and my staunch
opposition to regime change wars in Syria and in other countries
that political opponents and others have chosen to try to smear me my
reputation and my campaign, uh, and to label me, as you said,
you know, she's a supporter of this dictator. Well, if that's true,
then anyone who opposed the Iraq war is a
Saddam Hussein.
Lover is a lover of dictators and loves Saddam Hussein.
So if you challenge their logic, you see how shallow it is.
And there's really none there. And, and what's exposed is, um,
their refusal to engage on the facts and to stand behind why they continue to
put the American people through these costly regime change wars
and why they continue to wage these wars that are causing incredible suffering
for people in different parts of the world.
It also, when you're having these conversations, which are incredibly,
incredibly important globally,
when you choose to distort people's positions like this,
you're not helping anybody. No, you're making the whole thing more confusing.
Yeah. So for someone like me, who's on the outside, excuse me.
And that has to watch all this go down. I have to go, well, why,
why w why do you have reasonable people that make inaccurate statements about
someone? Because they feel like if you do not,
if you don't refuse a meeting with a sod, there's something wrong with you,
right. Like to not want to be in the presence of this person.
Yeah.
Yeah. I mean, the, the, um, there's so much hypocrisy around this, you know,
a lot of these people are the same people who applauded president Obama when he
first ran for president in 2008. Uh, when he, I mean, he did,
he caused some controversy at that time saying, yes,
he would meet with the leader of Iran without preconditions that he
would meet with leaders of other countries in that pursuit of national security
and peace.
So why the double standard here that, okay.
So in order to keep our country safe, in order to achieve peace,
we're only going to meet with our friends and people who we agree with.
That's not how you accomplish that mission.
That's not how you accomplish security and peace. It doesn't make sense.
The social media version of running the world, sadly, sadly. Now,
had you ever met anyone like Assad before?
Um, no. No. Uh, he was eager to meet,
he was eager to be heard, frankly, does he speak.
English very well?
Really? Yeah. I think he was educated in Europe. Um, a dentist,
if I'm not mistaken, uh,
is in the ma maybe he's an eye doctor is not in the medical field. Um,
and he was, you know,
he was open to any and all questions that I had both about what was
happening, uh, in Syria, uh, you know,
serious relationship or the lack thereof with Israel.
A lot of the turmoil that we're seeing in different parts of
the middle east of, of Sunni versus Shia, um, you know,
chemical weapons being used, uh, you know,
criminal acts being conducted a whole host of these issues. How did, how, how,
uh, the Syrian government is dealing with the Kurdish population,
the Northern part of the country, uh, what's going on in Turkey? There's,
there's a number of things that, uh, you know, I, I asked him,
he answered and he shared his view and perspective and, and really what,
what came out of that was he's, um,
he's very narrowly focused on his country and doesn't want other
countries or other people coming in and, and, uh, meddling in their country.
And what's what, what they're trying to accomplish,
which is actually the same thing that I heard from his political opposition.
When I met with them. These are some of the leaders who,
who led the protest that, um,
that kind of began this whole conflict in 2011,
people who are deeply opposed to the Syrian government,
some of whom have been held in captivity by the Syrian government.
And they said there are constitutional changes we want to make. Yes.
We would like to see Assad removed from government that they don't want to see
it done through military means or through other countries coming in and
toppling their government.
What they want to see is that change coming from the people of Syria
saying, Hey, this is the kind of leadership that we want for our future.
I can imagine there's not a single country on earth that wants us to invade and
take over. I mean, just seems like a bad idea for everybody.
Right? Nor nor would we want that to happen to us. I think that's really,
what's missing here is, you know, for so long,
we've seen this imperialistic mentality, um,
that still exists in our government where some feel like, Hey, well,
we should go and tell this country who should lead their government and tell
them what kind of policies they should have,
but no other countries should dare even attempt to do that to ours.
Yeah. Well, our position is that we're the best and we're,
we're running this country the best way,
and this is the best country that's ever existed. Ever has the most freedoms.
It's got the most chaos. It's got a lot of things going on. It's not,
they're not good, but overall,
we feel like we're the shining light of the world. Yeah.
Maybe that's not accurate, you know, maybe it's accurate in a lot of ways.
And yeah.
I think the problem,
the problems begin when we go into other countries and try to create little
mini Americas and impose it on the people there, whether they like it or not,
whether they're ready for it or not. Uh, and,
and we end up seeing what we're seeing across the middle east. Yeah.
I think we just look at the rest of the world and go, well,
I wouldn't tolerate that. Why are they tolerating that? Who is that? Why,
why does he get the rough things? They should kick his.
That's literally the American perspective, but, you know,
we don't want to send our sons and daughters over there to go do that for
now. If I put my tinfoil hat on.
We don't, we, the American people don't, but this is the problem. And this is,
this is something that I realized very quickly during my first deployment to
Iraq,
where I was seeing firsthand the cost of war serving in that medical unit every
single day. And I,
I wondered how many politicians in Washington who voted for
advocated for champion that war in Iraq were laying away at night
awake at night,
thinking about my brothers and sisters who were getting killed in combat,
who were getting severely wounded, were getting blown up by IPDs. And I, I,
I learned very quickly that they were not,
they weren't thinking about the real cost and the ramifications and the
consequences of their decisions.
Jamie, who are we talking with the other day?
We're trying to say that we think that if you want to be the commander in chief,
they should probably have served. Who was that recent podcast?
CT Fletcher. Yes. I believe that it was him. Yeah. Who was a veteran as well?